Deprecate support of Apache 2.2 in certbot-apache (#8516)
certbot/certbot: certbot/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> * We deprecated support for Apache 2.2 in certbot-apache plugin and it will be
>   removed in the next release of Certbot.

Reviewer: grammar nit and I think removing Apache 2.2 support requires a major version bump that I wasn't planning on doing quite yet
```suggestion
* We deprecated support for Apache 2.2 in the certbot-apache plugin and it will
  be removed in a future release of Certbot.
```
